
1. Which CSS property sets the element’s opacity to 25%?
Answer: opacity: 0.25; [The value of opacity lies between 0.0 to 1.0 where a low value represents high transparency and a high value represents low transparency. Percentage of opacity is 
calculated as Opacity% = Opacity * 100]

2. Which of the following will give blue color to text?
Answer: color: blue;  color: rgba(0, 0, 255, 1); 

3. How will you make all paragraph elements 'RED' in color ?
Answer: p { color: red; }, p { color:rgb(255,0,0); }, p { color: rgba(255,0,0,1); }

4. What should be the value of the width attribute, so that the width of the element adjusts itself to the current width of its parent element?
Answer: 100% [A width set in percent (%) is relative to the width of the parent element, but a width set in 'vw' is relative to the entire viewport width]

5. Which of the following measurements is relative to the font-size of the root element?
Answer: rem

6. Which of the following measurements is relative to 1% of the width of the viewport?
Answer: vw

7. If we want to use a dotted border around an image, which css property will we use?
Answer: border-style

8. Identify the CSS property defining bottom-left corner shape of the border?
Answer: border-bottom-left-radius

9. Select the CSS property that sets the width of an element’s bottom border?
Answer: border-bottom-width

10. Which CSS property is used to change the text color of an element?
Answer: color

11. What is the correct CSS syntax for making all the <p> elements bold?
Answer: p { font-weight:bold; }

12. By default Hyperlinks are displayed with an underline. How do you remove the underline from all hyperlinks by using CSS code?
Answer: a { text-decoration:none; }

13. Which property is used to display the text in italics?
Answer: font-style

14. How do you make each word in a text start with a capital letter?
Answer: text-transform:capitalize

15. Which CSS property controls the text size?
Answer: font-size

16. How do you add a background color for all <h1> elements?
Answer: h1 { background-color:#FFFFFF; }

17. Which CSS property sets a background image for an element?
Answer: background-image

18. Which of the following property is used to control the scrolling of an image in the background?
Answer: background-attachment

19. Can we set more than one background image?
Answer: Yes [We can write more urls seperated by comma ","]

20. Which property is used to give space between elements?
Answer: margin

21. Can you use negative values in margin property?
Answer: Yes

22. What does the ‘margin:auto’ means?
Answer: Set the margin equally on left and right of the element

23. Which property is used to give space between content and border?
Answer: padding

24. When using the padding property; are you allowed to use negative values?
Answer: No [No, Negative values are not allowed for padding property. Negative values are ignored or treated as 0, which could have the none effect]

25. If an element have padding values 20px for top, 30px bottom, 15px for right, 10px for left. Then which of the following is the correct way to set that padding?
Answer: padding: 20px 15px 30px 10px

26. There is a span element with the following CSS properties applied to it:
	span {
    		display: block;
    		margin: 50px 0;
    		padding: 0;
    		color: red;
	}

What all will be true about it?
Answer: element will cover the full width available, element will start from a new line 

27. If an element becomes invisible but the rest of the web page layout is not affected, then what could be the property applied to that element?
Answer: visibility: hidden;



Inline and Inline-block will give the expected output as shown in the image, but if we decrease the viewport width of the screen, the 2nd para element will be seen in the next line and NOT 
in the same line because of the reason (The browser reads the content inside the p tags as a single unit and creates a box on the browser screen corresponding to it. While displaying, this 
box will have a certain width depending on the length of content written inside the p tags. If the length of the content exceeds the viewport width, then the browser WON'T automatically 
fill the next line in the browser, rather continue filling the content to the left (hence a horizontal scroll bar will also appear). 

Hence if two para tags with display property inline appear together, and the 2nd one has content length exceeding the viewport width, then it'll appear on the next line despite being inline
(because the box created for this p element won't occur in breaks).

But this is not the case for inline-block and inline since the content of the first para element is small (won't take up the entire viewport width), and once it ends the 2nd para element 
will be shown in continuation giving output as given in the output.



28. What is the default value of the position property?
Answer: static

29. Which value of position always fixes the position of the element relative to the viewport?
Answer: fixed

30. The element shown below has property 'position:sticky' set and is 50px below from the top of the screen initially. How will the element look like initially and after scrolling 50px 
down ?
Answer: 			Sticky element after scrolling 50px down
	
	Sticky element initially

31. Which of the following does not count in the total width of the element in the web page?
Answer: margin

32. The 2 divs are given same width, height and border. The second div is given an extra padding of 40px. Which of the following property when added will make them of equal width and height?
Answer: box-sizing: border-box; [The box-sizing property includes the element’s padding and border in an element's width and height]	

33. If the width of an element is exceeded by the content of the element, then which property will define the behaviour of the content?
Answer: overflow-x, overflow 
