Client server architecture is a computing model in which the server hosts, delivers, and manages most of the resources and services requested by the client. It is also known as the 
networking computing model or client server network as all requests and services are delivered over a network. The client-server architecture or model has other systems connected over a 
network where resources are shared among the different computers.


A static web page (sometimes called a flat page or a stationary page) is a web page that is delivered to the user's web browser exactly as stored, in contrast to dynamic web pages which 
are generated by a web application. Consequently, a static web page often displays the same information for all users, from all contexts, subject to modern capabilities of a web server 
to negotiate content-type or language of the document where such versions are available and the server is configured to do so. However, a site's scripts can introduce dynamic 
functionality, which may make a static web page appear dynamic.


Dynamic Website is a website containing data that can be mutable or changeable. It uses client-side or server scripting to generate mutable content. Like a static website, it also 
contains HTML data. Dynamic websites are those websites that changes the content or layout with every request to the webserver. These websites have the capability of producing different 
content for different visitors from the same source code file. There are two kinds of dynamic web pages i.e. client side scripting and server side scripting. The client-side web pages 
changes according to your activity on the web page. On the server-side, web pages are changed whenever a web page is loaded.


(a) Web Browser-
What is a web browser?
Answer: It is a client-side application. [A web browser is a client-side application. A browser can also be considered as a client]


(b) Static vs Dynamic Website-
If the content of the website can be changed in real-time based on the user request then this could be an example of
Answer: Dynamic Website [Explanation: In a Dynamic website, content can be changed at run time real-time based on the user request. For example, when a user opens Facebook, the content 
of the Facebook website is customised/personalised based on the user profile]


(c) Static Content-
Which website can return the same hard-coded content from the server whenever a particular resource is requested?
Note: Hard-coded contents are static content that can not be changed without replacing the website’s pages with updated or new files.
Answer: Both [Static and Dynamic websites both can return hard-coded content]


Front-end web development is the development of the graphical user interface of a website, through the use of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, so that users can view and interact with that 
website. While Frontend Web Development is concerned with the designing of the user interface of the website using web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Backend Web 
Development (or you can say Server-Side Development) is responsible for the appropriate functioning of the website.


In simple words, when you visit an e-commerce website, let’s say Flipkart – the attractive layout and design of the website you see on your device are actually created by Frontend 
Developers but when you log in to your account, add the required items in the cart, do the payment and checkout – all these server-side functionalities comes under Backend Development. 


(d) From which part of the website, Users interact directly?
Answer: Frontend [Users can only interact with Frontend. The users or clients cannot see and interact with the back-end of a website]


(e) Server Side development is also known as :
Answer: Backend Development [Backend development refers to Server side development. Because it focuses on databases, scripting, website architecture etc.]


You traced a URL request from the browser all the way to the server hosting it and it’s response back to the browser to be rendered. We covered the relationship between websites, servers, 
IP addresses and stepped through each of the steps that your browser goes through when you type a URL into your browser and press enter. For review, here are those six steps:

1. You type a URL in your browser and press Enter
2. Browser looks up IP address for the domain
3. Browser initiates TCP connection with the server
4. Browser sends the HTTP request to the server
5. Server processes request and sends back a response
6. Browser renders the content


(f) DNS(Domain Name System) maps the IP address to:
Answer: Domain names


(g) ISP stands for :
Answer: Internet Service Provider


(h) Which of the following statements is/are true?
1. The server needs an application called a browser to process the request received from the client.
2. The objective of the web server is to store, process and deliver web pages to the users.
3. In the world wide web, Client-server communication is done using HTTP/HTTPS.
Answer: Only Statement 2 and Statement 3 [The basic objective of the web server is to store, process, and deliver web pages to the users and Client-server communication is done using 
HTTP/HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)]


(i) A website has links to other websites and contains a lot of media and text content -
1. It's the simplest form of the dynamic website as a user can click on the link, and the webpage will be changed based on user input.
2. It's a static website as clicking on the link will navigate us to other websites, but the content of each web page will remain the same for all users.
3. It's a dynamic website as it contains media content.
Answer: Only Statement 2 is true [Web pages with hyperlinks or media contents are not considered dynamic unless the web page's content can be changed at real-time]
